(chuckles)
-Mornin'.
-Hey.
Were we that loud last night?
Mm, kind of.
Sorry.
Wheeler's a bit of a screamer.
(both laugh)
How's your love life these days?
Nonexistent.
What about that girl
at the laundromat?
Oh, things got weird.
Like "clingy" weird?
No, like "choke me" weird.
Oh.
Well, keep your chin up.
Everybody goes through
dry spells.
What's your longest?
Like, a week?
But I'm a chick,
so it's not the same.
Yeah, your dry spells
are voluntary.
Oh, shit.
Is that the time?
I'm gonna be late. Here.
(sighs)
MISTY:
Hi.
-DAVID: Morning.
-(groans)
Thanks for letting Misty and I
use the bedroom last night.
Yeah, no problem,
just, uh, wash the sheets.
What, you don't like 'em crusty?
Huh? Hey, you need anything
from the store?
I figure while I'm out in
the 'burbs dropping off Misty,
I can hit up the A&P.
I thought you had
your Columbia class.
-Not till 1:00.
-Ah. Want ramen?
(droning meditatively)
Okay, got it.
-Got what?
-It's my memory palace.
It's a mnemonic device
invented by the ancient Greeks.
Basically, you take something
you want to remember,
and place it like furniture
in the rooms
of a mental house based on
somewhere you know really well.
Like, I use my nana's.
So, for instance,
I imagined Ultraman
slurping a big bowl of ramen
-in her rec room.
-Why Ultraman?
Because he's Japanese
and fucking awesome.
Mm. Isn't it hard
to see Ultraman
through the clouds of pot smoke?
Dude, gave it up.
Haven't smoked since,
like, March.
-You serious?
-Yeah, man.
Figure if I'm gonna be
an educator,
I need to set a good example.
-Wow.
-Not even dealing anymore.
Oh, which reminds me...
(inhales)
Ah.
Sorry I can't help out more
with the rent.
I promise I'll pay my fair share
as soon as I get a job.
♪ ♪
♪ Whoo ♪
GETTY:
Nasser.
-NASH: Ah, hello, sir.
-Hey.
How the hell are you?
Very good, sir.
How are you holding up?
Me? Not bad,
all things considered.
I'll tell you,
this involuntary vacation
definitely has its upsides.
-Huh. -I'm sleeping like a baby,
I'm exercising more,
working on my net game.
My blood pressure hasn't been
this good in years.
What's the situation
in the showers?
I'm not gonna lie to you.
The water pressure is not good.
We're actually thinking of
forming a grievance committee,
and we are gonna send
a harshly worded letter
complaining to the warden.
So what are you doing here?
To what do I owe
this lovely surprise visit?
Well, actually, sir,
I've come with
some upsetting news.
Uh-oh.
The Japanese wish
to buy Red Oaks.
Says who?
Rebecca Horowitz.
Tough shit.
It's not for sale.
Right. Well,
according to Rebecca,
membership is down,
and the club is struggling.
That's what makes
the Japanese offer so tempting.
I don't care.
Let 'em buy Windybush.
(chuckles)
They're not in the market
for a leper colony, sir.
What do they want with
a country club for anyway?
Skip says they're mad
about golf.
You know what?
These people,
they want to spend their yen
buying up half of Manhattan,
that's their business.
But they're not getting
Red Oaks.
I'm sorry, no.
As-as Americans,
we have to draw a line.
You got to draw a line
somewhere.
Otherwise, I'm telling you,
we're gonna wake up one day,
and Mt. Rushmore is gonna have
a fuckin' Hello Kitty on it.
-I'm with you 1,000%, sir.
-(pounds table)
But what can we do?
(mutters)
NEWS REPORTER (on radio):
Congress's Iran hearings
continued yesterday
with testimony
-by Fawn Hall, a secretary...
-(radio turns off)
Sam, my man.
Hello, Terry.
-Here you go.
-What's this?
It's a new breakfast sandwich
I've been working on.
It's got fried egg,
Italian sausage,
mozzarella,
and roasted red peppers.
Sweet Jesus, Mary,
Joseph the Carpenter...
-I know, isn't it good?
-Mmm.
You missed your calling, buddy.
You know, I've often wondered
where I'd be if the Army had
assigned me to food services
instead of supply corps.
Could be you who's Burger King.
I sure as hell wouldn't be
working at the IRS,
I'll tell you that much.
Come on.
We gonna take us a little detour
on our way to the office.
-Where? -You'll see.
-(engine starts)
(pop music playing on radio)
SAM: Okay, what am I
supposed to be looking at?
TERRY:
It's for rent.
I noticed it the other day
when I was dropping off
my dry cleaning.
Okay. So?
Your sandwiches...
Oh, stop it.
-Oh, you can't be serious.
-Yeah.
-No. -Give me
one good reason why not.
Because I'm a heart patient.
I need the health insurance.
Look, I'm not gonna give up
government benefits
just to open a sandwich shop.
Ain't nobody saying nothing
about quitting the IRS.
All right, I don't know
what you're talking about.
We can do this on the side,
partner.
(laughs)
You can't be serious.
I even got the name all set up.
Oh, yeah, what?
"Samwich," with an "M."
(laughs):
Get it?
-Yeah, that's great.
-It's good, right?
Yeah, it's great, it's great.
Come on, let's go.
TERRY (chuckling):
Come on.
WHEELER:
So the narrator Marcel
is just minding his business
one day,
being this bisexual French dude,
having a little snack,
when all of a sudden
he takes a bite of his cookie--
or madeleine--
like, some French pastry.
I don't know,
I never had one. Anyways,
he dunks it in some tea,
and bam!
-(pounds table) -Hits him
like an acid flashback.
Totally mind-expanding.
He starts remembering everything
from his childhood.
And, like, the detail
in which he's recalling this,
or telling the story,
is remarkable.
It-it's unlike anything
I've ever read before.
Thank you.
You have an interesting
perspective
on Proust, Mr. Wheeler.
Thank you.
Never heard his madeleine
compared to a psychedelic trip.
Yes, I'm sorry about that.
Probably wasn't the best...
No, don't apologize.
It's insightful.
Okay.
Have you done many drugs?
-Um...
-If I'm not being too forward.
Not really.
I mean, just weed.
-I don't even do that anymore.
-Really?
Yeah, that chapter of my life
is pretty much over.
You should really consider
making him the topic
of your term paper.
Proust?
I don't know, I mean, he's...
Come see me during office hours
next week,
and we can discuss it.
Okay.
♪ ♪
-Yeah, so?
-Colleen.
-Aw, thank you so much.
Thank you. -(door chimes ring)
Oh, Gail!
I just wanted to pop in
and say congratulations.
Oh, thank you so much.
-Hey.
-Thank you.
Uh, where's the baby?
Oh, um, he's with Ricky
this weekend.
-Mm.
-Yeah.
You should see him.
He's getting big.
Oh, I bet.
He must be very big.
-I miss you.
-Oh.
Yeah, you know,
I have been so busy.
-(chuckles)
-That's my life.
Sowing your wild oats?
Oh, what are you talking about,
"sowing my..."?
-That's crazy. No.
-Yeah, that's not what I hear.
Mm-mm.
(chuckles)
Hey, listen, do you want to
maybe grab dinner
later tonight and catch up?
We could...
we could go out or, you know,
we could just do something
low-key back at my place.
Oh, uh, that's a nice idea.
I can't, though,
'cause I have plans.
Tomorrow brunch?
Uh... let me check.
-Okay?
-(door chimes ring)
Oh! There's my David!
Oh, um, I'm gonna go
get some food
-before it's over.
-Yeah, do that.
Hi, honey.
-Hi!
-Congratulations, Mrs. Mey--
-I mean, Rosen. I'm so sorry.
-Judy.
-I'm so sorry.
-You remember my girlfriend,
Misty. -Of course. -Hi.
-Hi.
-Congratulations.
-A million dollars. Wow.
-I know.
-It's awesome.
-Yeah. -We're just gonna
get some food. -Okay, cool.
I'm so glad you came!
Why do you smell like smoke?
I can almost afford
some of these.
Really?
Yeah, I mean,
once I get my license.
Dr. Ron starts his hygienists
out at $30,000 a year.
Who's Dr. Ron?
The dentist I'm observing.
Oh, right. I'm sorry.
You definitely mentioned that.
You think he might
offer you a job?
Maybe. He's super nice.
I like this one.
Three bed, two and a half bath
townhouse with garage.
Wonder what the monthly payment
on a $73,000 place would be.
Well, a 30-year fixed mortgage
at a current interest rate
of ten and a half percent
comes to about $668 a month,
not counting taxes
and insurance.
Did you just do that
in your head?
It's crazy how fast my brain
works since giving up weed.
I can even hear what people
are thinking sometimes.
(chuckles)
Oh, yeah?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
What's that lady thinking?
WHEELER: She's thinking how much
bullshit it is that David's mom
is getting a party when she's
only been a realtor for a year.
(chuckles)
And what about her?
What's she thinking?
WHEELER:
She's thinking, "If I just eat
"this little sliver of cake,
it's okay
"'cause I'm definitely
not gonna eat lunch today.
-It's all right."
-(giggles)
What the hell
is that guy's problem?
WHEELER: He's wondering how
someone as beautiful as yourself
wound up with a schlub like me.
-Hey.
-Yeah?
So, my son David works
in the entertainment business.
How exciting!
Have you met anyone famous?
Uh, one time I drove Cher
to the airport.
Ooh! I love her.
Is that your father?
What is he doing?
Did you know he was coming?
-(door chimes ring)
-No.
-How sweet is that.
-Hiya, hon.
-Aw.
-Congratulations.
Hey, sweetheart.
-(whispers): So sweet.
-How are you?
How do you do?
I'm Sam Meyers.
-Hi.
-I used to be married to her.
-Aw. -I'm gonna catch up
with Wheeler and Misty.
-Okay, sweetie.
-Listen, honey,
I don't know
what you get somebody
who sells a million bucks
worth of real estate,
so I went with this.
You are so sweet.
That is so thoughtful.
-Thanks.
-Thank you so much.
I'm gonna go put it down.
(chuckles)
Good.
(door shuts)
(laughs):
Hey.
There you are.
Mom take you for a spin
-in her new car?
-No.
So... how's work?
-Yeah, it's good.
-Good.
Good.
Tell me what a
production assistant does again.
-It's pretty much
whatever needs doing. -Like?
Like stopping traffic
on location,
getting my bosses' cars washed,
getting lunch.
And all of this will lead to you
eventually becoming a director?
In theory.
Well, good. Good for you
for paying your dues.
This is what you should be
doing at your age.
Too many kids nowaday,
they think the world owes them
a golden ticket, you know?
And then they don't get it,
so they just throw in the towel,
start peddling dope
or stealing stereos, or...
hustling some guy
in some porn theater
like Jon Voight did in--
what's that terrible movie?
-Midnight Cowboy.
That's the worst Western ever.
(both laugh)
All right, let me have
one of those cigarettes
you've been trying to hide.
-Uh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
-Oh, come on, come on.
-Just one. -I'm not contributing
to the corruption of a senior.
-"A senior."
-(both laugh)
Smart-ass. Come on. Okay.
Let me just have a drag.
-Come on, just one, one.
Come on, come on. -Uh...
Oh, my God, David.
Oh, I miss them so much. Oh.
Sam!
What do you think you're doing?
No, we were just
admiring your car.
Oh. It's cute, isn't it?
I mean, it's not very practical,
but, you know,
I just thought,
"Judy, you deserve it.
When was the last time you did
something for yourself?"
(chuckles) I'm gonna find
Wheeler. Congrats again, Mom.
-It's awesome. Awesome.
-Oh! Okay, babe.
Listen, Judy, um...
can I ask a favor?
Oh, of course.
There's a little storefront
over on Upland Avenue
-that's for lease; I think you
guys have the listing. -Oh, Sam!
Are you thinking of opening
your own practice again?
Well, not exactly. Just...
I-I'm just wondering, what do
they want a month for that?
I don't know. Let's go inside
and check it out. Come on.
NIGEL:
What about Antoine?
DEREK:
Unavailable.
NIGEL:
Well, Freya?
DEREK:
Shooting an Evian commercial.
NIGEL: That Dutch kid,
Pieter whatshisname?
In Europe,
directing his first feature.
NIGEL:
Bloody hell.
B-Believe me, I've been through
my entire Rolodex, so...
Well, everyone
can't be unavailable.
No,
but those that are available
won't work for free.
It's not free. We have a budget.
But barely.
Who'd have thought
it would be so
bloody hard to book a director
for a bloody
dog food commercial?
♪ ♪
I told you the budget
was too low.
And I told you I owe Roger.
He's sent us a lot of work
over the years.
Keep looking. Find me someone.
I know I didn't go
to film school,
and I've never directed
a commercial before,
but it sounds like
they're desperate.
And they have, like,
zero budget, which is fine.
I'll do it for free,
for the experience.
So, what do they have to lose?
So you're just gonna march
into Nigel's office
and pitch yourself?
No. He doesn't even
know my name.
But I figured, if I can get
Derek to watch my reel,
maybe I've got a shot.
Okay.
But you're gonna
have to be smart about
when you approach him.
Under no circumstance
go anywhere near him before he's
had his second cup of coffee.
And late morning is iffy, too,
because his blood sugar
gets low.
-DAVID: So, like after lunch?
-But not right after,
because he gets sleepy.
I'd wait a few hours
for his food to digest.
But don't wait too many hours
because then you get into
late day when he starts getting
phone calls about all the shoots
that are going late.
So, uh, like between
3:30 and 4:30?
Mm. I'd say 3:45 and 4:15.
Don't you fucking hang up on me!
Fuck!
♪ ♪
You are so close,
Mrs. Patterson.
-Uh-huh. -Okay? We're almost
done there. Hold on.
Just hang in there.
That's it. Good.
-All done, gorgeous.
-(sighs)
Remember,
no eating for a few hours
until the novocaine wears off,
all right?
-(clears throat)
-Janice, up front,
will help you schedule
your next appointment.
And I will see you
in six months.
Oh, Mrs. Patterson, I'm...
sorry.
Twice a day, all right?
Another happy customer.
Very happy.
(chuckles)
So, I like to flirt, all right?
It's harmless.
It helps put them at ease.
People get so stressed
in the chair.
So what do you do
with your male patients?
Tell dirty jokes.
You want to hear one?
(inhales deeply)
Oh, boy.
All right,
so this woman comes home
and she tells her husband,
"My gynecologist says I can't
have sex for two weeks."
And the husband, he stands there
and he thinks about this,
and then he asks,
"Well, what does
your dentist say?"
(both laugh)
-I'll have to remember that one.
-Oh, you won't have to.
Any guys in your chair
are gonna take one look up
at those green eyes
and it'll be game over.
♪ ♪
(exhales)
(tools clatter)
Oh!
Oh. Oh, it smells like
a lion cage in here.
That's probably just
the grease trap. Yeah.
And t-the landlord says that
the cooler still works.
Fresh coat of paint
and this place will be nice.
-Yep.
-Oh... (scoffs)
TERRY: Sam, I'm gonna go
check the back.
Sam...
can I talk to you for a minute?
Yeah.
I don't know if this
is such a good idea.
No, honey, all it needs
is a good scrub down.
No, that's not
what I'm talking about.
You don't know the first thing
about running a restaurant.
No, but I have a lot of practice
eating at them.
No. Sam, I'm serious.
Do you realize that more
than half of new restaurants
fail in their first year?
Honey, t-this
isn't a restaurant,
this is-- it's a sandwich shop.
-Yes, but Sam, you know, you...
-Judy.
I need this.
It's been a rough
couple of years.
Losing you, my business,
giving up salt.
(laughs softly)
I need a place I can call mine.
Place I can come to
after a long day of...
getting yelled at by taxpayers,
or, I... (chuckles)
just make some kid happy
cooking up a grilled cheese.
TERRY:
Well.
Good news is, is that
the plumbing still works.
SAM:
And what's the bad?
Saw a couple mouse droppings.
JUDY:
Mm-hmm.
Ah, my Gracie can handle that.
-Yes?
-Uh, Dr. Fox?
Ah, Mr. Wheeler. Sit down.
You're just in time for tea.
I'm afraid I'm fresh out
of madeleines.
(both chuckle)
So, have you given
any more thought
to doing your term paper
on Proust?
I did, but I think I'm actually
more into Faulkner.
I'm really digging
The Sound and the Fury.
Oh. And what about it
speaks to you?
You know, I just think it's cool
how he tells a story
from different perspectives.
Like, Benjy
the retarded brother,
and Quentin, who I'm pretty sure
is gonna kill himself.
Does depression
run in your family?
Hmm.
Um, not really.
I mean, my nana
was pretty bummed
when they canceled
Search for Tomorrow,
but I think
she's over it by now.
Uh, what about schizophrenia?
-She's just old.
-(laughs)
Um, how delightful.
I do enjoy your sense of humor.
T-Thanks.
I don't know
if you're interested,
but my husband Cecil and I host
a little salon at our home,
twice a month for some
of our more promising students.
Cecil teaches
in the Classics department.
The next one is on Tuesday,
if you're free.
I'd love to show you some
of our Faulkner first editions.
(chuckles)
Okay.
Yeah, I mean, sounds great.
Wonderful.
Later.
See you then.
(clock ticking)
♪ ♪
(alarm beeping)
Hey, Derek.
Am I disturbing you?
-On many levels.
-Oh, uh, sorry.
I-I can come back.
What do you want?
I was wondering if, maybe,
-you might check out
my reel sometime. -Why?
You've produced a ton of
music videos and commercials,
and I figured you'd be
a good person to ask
for, like, career advice.
And a feature.
Excuse me?
I also produced a feature.
It got mostly positive reviews.
(stammering):
Yeah. It was great.
That's why I value your opinion.
(sighs)
Leave it on my desk.
-Thank you.
-Yes.
WHEELER:
I don't know, man, I just...
I have a weird feeling
about this lady.
Mm. Did you get
a sexual vibe from her?
Not really, I mean, she asked me
a lot of personal questions.
Any physical contact?
-No!
-Hmm.
Eh, she's probably
just being friendly.
So you think it's safe
to go to this thing at her
apartment next Tuesday?
It's not, like, a front
for Upper West Side vampires?
No. But that's a pretty cool
idea for a movie.
Mm. Kind of is, yeah.
Hey, did you see
the preview for Lost Boys?
You will love it.
It's so fucking good.
-Oh, really?
-(doorbell buzzes)
-Hello?
-NASH: It's Nash, let me in.
Dude!
-Boychiks!
-WHEELER: Dude!
Oh, you're a sight
for sore eyes,
Bring it in.
(laughing):
Oh!
Mwah. Mwah.
You taste of ramen,
and disappointment.
(all laugh)
-WHEELER: Come on in.
-Thank you.
It's quite the friendly
neighborhood you've got here.
In the five minutes it took
for me to walk from my car,
I was offered fellatio and the
opportunity to purchase a horse.
Oh, that means heroin.
Yeah, it gets a little sketchy
after dark.
-(siren wailing in distance)
-Hmm.
-(microwave beeps)
-Want to stay for dinner?
-NASH: Absolutely.
-You like Mexican?
-NASH: I think so.
-Great.
(sighs)
(Nash exhales)
This place is rather cozy.
-Dude, how you been?
-Good, good.
Lost a bit of weight,
mostly in the wrist.
You'll notice how loose
my watch strap is.
-I miss you, man.
-Yeah, I'm sorry we never
made it to Boca
to see you this winter.
Oh, that's fine,
I actually ended up
cutting my trip rather short.
Why?
It's a long story.
All I'll say
is that I had no idea
the young lady
was the daughter of the mayor.
Nor that she was under
the legal drinking age.
-(inhales sharply) -Oh, shit.
-Oh, shit is right.
Now, until His Honor
completes his term in office,
I'm afraid I'm persona non grata
in the city of Boca Raton.
It's a pity, too,
I really enjoy it there.
-Misty was telling me that you
hired a new assistant pro? -Mm.
Rusty.
DAVID:
What's he like?
He's gigantic.
That's not an exaggeration.
He's a half a human
taller than you.
And hung like a white rhino.
I accidentally happened upon him
changing in the locker room.
Put me off food for a week.
Which explains the weight loss.
Huh?
So, dude, what are you doing
in the city?
Ah, yes.
Uh, well.
Boychiks, I wish I could say
this is strictly a social call.
But I've come with grave news
and an urgent summons.
Summons?
From who?
NASH:
All right, now, whatever you do,
avoid eye contact at all costs.
-Why?
-It's a sign of aggression.
It could get you shanked
in the kidneys.
And stay calm.
Convicts can smell fear.
They're like dogs or bees.
(gasps)
Oh.
You got one here.
("Twilight Zone"
by Golden Earring playing)
♪ Yeah, there's a storm
on the loose ♪
♪ Sirens in my head ♪
♪ Wrapped up in silence ♪
♪ All circuits are dead ♪
♪ Cannot decode ♪
♪ My whole life spins
into a frenzy ♪
♪ Help, I'm steppin'
into the twilight zone ♪
♪ Place is a madhouse,
feels like being cloned ♪
♪ My beacon's been moved
under moon and star ♪
-♪ Where am I to go now that
I've gone too far? ♪ -♪ Oh-oh ♪
♪ Help, I'm steppin'
into the twilight zone ♪
♪ Place is a madhouse,
feels like being cloned ♪
♪ My beacon's been moved
under moon and star ♪
♪ Where am I to go
now that I've gone too far? ♪
♪ Soon you will come to know ♪
♪ When the bullet hits
the bone ♪
♪ Soon you will come to know ♪
♪ When the bullet
hits the bone ♪
♪ When the bullet hits
the bone ♪
♪ Ah-ah, when the bullet
hits the bone. ♪